First Round: Technical

1. Intro about yourself
2. Fluent wait syntax
3. Explicit and implicit wait
4. findElements and findElement
5. programs on String Manipulation, Hashmap
6. difference between list, set, map and usage in framework
7. Api response codes
8. RestAssured post request syntax example
9. difference between selenium 3.0 and 4.0 version
10. basic sql queries
11. cross browser testing
12. Extent reports
13. Cucumber - how to run test cases parallel without TestNG being integrated

Second Round: Technical

1. Introduction about yourself
2. difference between static and instance
3. oops concepts and usage in current framework
4.  what are the reusable methods or implementation done in framework by me
5. For Coding - they will provide a n online compiler link separately for executing the programs
Program on how to create treemap and print the values
Program on a given input string to print the letters, digits, special char separately as output
6. Writing Xpaths on the flipkart website
7. What is a dynamic web table and how to write xpaths for it
8. questions on waits
9. what is garbage collector and how it is invoked in the script
10. Use of cucumber options
11. Cucumber framework explanation
12. Selenium Code for switching to required window and close it then come back to the default window
13. Explain exceptions faced during execution
14. What is Apache POI
15. Try, Catch, Finally
16. Mouse hover actions
17. Git commands
18. STLC
19. Jenkins integration and setting up ci/cd pipeline
20. Testing strategies 
21. What defect clustering, pesticide paradox, testing pyramid
22. Agile methodology and ceremonies
23. bug lifecycle
24. Maven commands
25. Rest Assured API Assert syntax
26. Regression testing

Third: Managerial Round

1. Self intro
2. what makes one a good Quality tester
3. risk based testing, performance testing
4. scenario and behavioural based questions
5. what are the reasons that can cause a test case to fail
6. when jobs are scheduled in jenkins and next day it fails due to unknown reasons. What would one do to self heal automatically
7. what are the ways to complete execution where there are more numb of cases and less time
8. negative scenario for an e-commerce domain
9. application architecture of current proj ( front end, back end, third party tools in-between)
10. what are non Functional Testing and Explain