1) Introduce yourself
2) Explain the complete Scrum process followed in your Project
3) How Estimations were given for a Story and How do you suggest Test Estimations?
4) Give an example of Low priority & Low severity, Low Priority & High Severity (please don’t give examples commonly mentioned in blogs or YouTube videos). Give some unique examples.

5) There is a date picker which has a start date and end date, and once you select both dates, now these 2 dates get displayed in another 2 web pages. Once you modify they get modified in these 2 webpages. Derive as many scenarios as possible for this case.

6) What exactly is Smoke and Sanity Testing (Give some good examples from your project)

7) In what cases you performed smoke, regression, Sanity, Retesting and End to End testing in your Project, explain in detail.

8) How do you handle radio buttons
9) What is implicit wait, have you implemented it in your project?
10) Explain with examples where implicit and explicit waits can be used. Do you implement them together?
11) Have you designed the Automation framework from scratch?
12) Why you have implemented By Approach in your Page classes and why not Page Factory approach
13) What happens when duplicate values are added in HashMap?
14) Are you Ready to work from 1:30 PM to 11PM IST Timings?
15) How do you make sure Abstraction is maximised in your Tests?
16) Handling mail while working in Automation, explain with writing code
17) How do you implement builder pattern using LomBok?
18) Git Branching approach in detail
19) How to keep API Tests idempotent?
20) How Regression Suites are handled in your Automation Project?
21) Is it possible to integrate API generated cookies directly with Selenium WebDriver tests? If yes how?
22) Explain the Test Stack Implemented in your project

Coding Problems:

1) Given an integer array nums sorted in non-decreasing order, remove the duplicates in-place such that each unique element appears only once. The relative order of the elements should be kept the same

Example:

Input: nums = [0,0,1,1,1,2,2,3,3,4]
Output: 5, nums = [0,1,2,3,4,_,_,_,_,_]
Explanation: Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 respectively.

2) Find the largest, second largest, smallest and second smallest numbers in the given array.

-x-x-